### DataSet structure
Our rawdata has many batches, which come from so many differents hospitals. So We have strictly defined the file structrue and data format from scratch. 
```
data_batch_exmles
│   offset_df.csv
│   rib_type_location.xls    
│   label_info.csv
│   label_loc_type_info.csv    
│   data_join_label.csv
│ 
└───dataset
│   └───patient001
│   │       file111.dcm
│   │       file112.dcm
│   │       ...
│   │
│   └───patient002
│           ...
│
└───label
│   └───patient001
│   │       file111.nii
│   │       file112.nii
│   │       ...
│   └───patient002
│           ...
│
└───pkl_cache
│       patient001.pkl
│       patient002.pkl
│       ...
│
└───rib_df_cache
        patient001.csv
        patient002.csv
        ...
```

Among all the folders and files, **dataset**,**label**,**rib_type_location.xls** are provided by hospitals. the remainings are generated by our algorithms, There are many detailed descriptions for them as belows
1. **dataset**

    store many folders of CT images, every folder stand for a CT images of a patient.
2. **label**

    All the fragmented location have been labeled, every .nii file stands for one fragmented location.
3. **rib_type_location.xls**.

    rib fragmented type related to locations of patient in the **label** will be shown in the **rib_type_location.xls**.
4. **pkl_cache**

    For every patient, read dcm files from **dataset** and resmple, save the 3d array in the **pkl_cache** using .pkl format.
    
5. **rib_df_cache**

    Our algorithm read the pkl data, seperated all the bones, recognize whether it is rib, and collects all the ribs
6. **label_info.csv**

    read locations from nii files
7. **data_join_label.csv**

    join between ribs and fragmented locations, we can get the relationship between them. There are at least one rib for a fragmented location, but the opposite is not necessary.
8. **offset_df.csv**

    used for to get rib offset.
9. **label_loc_type_info.csv**

    ?????? todo
